Add CHANGELOG for v0.17 (#105)
turbot/steampipe-mod-gcp-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.17 [2023-07-13]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the `iam_user_uses_corporate_login_credentials` query to ensure the use of corporate login credentials instead of personal accounts. ([#97](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-gcp-compliance/pull/97))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `iam_user_uses_corporate_login_credentials` query to return `info` status, when plugin authentication mechanism does not include organization viewer permission, instead of false positives. ([#97](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-gcp-compliance/pull/97))
```
